hello hi guys its in am here with the
Samsung Galaxy s6 and we're going to
take a look at how easily we can route
this device and the process is exactly
the same for the s6 edge here as well
now before we begin I just want to point
out that neither myself Samsung or
Google take any responsibility for
anything that may go wrong during this
process
so do proceed at your own risk
now with that being said this process
will not wipe any of your data so
everything should stay exactly where it
is but as with any routing or flashing
or would suggest that any important
information is backed up beforehand but
this process will trip your flash and
Knox counter though so to get started
I'm going to show you what I'm running
so if you head on over into our settings
about device you can see Android version
is 5.0.2 our model number here is sm -
g9 - 0 f so for you to get started head
on over into developer options if you
can't see the option here go into about
device and tap on build number seven
times until it says you are a developer
then you should be able to see developer
options go in here make sure that's on
accept the prompt on the screen and put
a tick next to where it says USB
debugging hit ok to the prompt and then
turn off your device once the phone is
off what we're going to do is go into
download mode and by that we're going to
press volume down power and the home
button simultaneously until we can get
into that mode as you can see here
that's a lot of exposure there but if we
tilt it you should be able to see it
says a custom OS can cause critical
problems in phone and installed
applications if you want to download a
custom OS press the volume up key
otherwise press volume down key to
cancel we know what we're doing so we're
going to press volume up and I'll just
bring that in so you can see a little
bit here the standard Samsung official
options there so we're ready we're going
to plug in our phone to a computer using
the supplied USB cable we're going to be
using the CF autoroute method so I'll
leave a link to this website down below
its Auto root chain fire you scroll down
you'll come to a large table below
take your device with the model number
along the left-hand side here 920 F is a
mine and the galaxy s6 edge data I have
is G 925 F but do check your own model
numbers so move across and hit the
download link for your device as I say
if you've got the edge select the
correct model number from there as I say
this is a CF autoroute method chain fire
is a wicked developer so donate to him
if you can as this wouldn't be possible
without him so go ahead and hit the
download link right at the bottom once
it's finished downloading locate the
file and you can see it's on my desktop
here I'm going to extract it just to
bring into shot here what it's actually
unzipped will open this up here you can
see here's a dot ATAR md5 file that
we're going to flash and here's odin so
right click run as administrator if
you're using Windows 7 or above and
we'll just move this up here so it's a
little bit cleaner to see now you can
see along the left hand side here we've
got a blue comport lit up now in some
versions of voting this may be yellow
but either way it needs to be lit up the
numbers don't really matter if it's not
lit up that means there's a
communication problem between your phone
and your computer so it may be worth
trying different USB leads different
ports maybe a port at the back of your
computer if that files try uninstalling
the Samsung drivers and installing them
fresh from the Samsung website I'll try
and leave a link to those down in the
description box if you need them but if
you've got a comport lit up there you're
ready to rock so protect next to AEP hit
the API button you get this browser
locate the dot tardar md5 file that
we've just downloaded as you can see
here open and it does some preliminary
checks here and once those are done hit
start and the process is really really
quick the phone will then reboot and we
can see we've got a reset blue button on
the screen here that stays what it is
and we get a little blue fella on the
screen of our galaxy s6 and it says
rebooting in ten seconds so we'll let
that little guy do its thing and the
phone should then go through the reboot
motions I didn't take its time here we
rebooted the entire phone and got to a
home screen and then we got the green
squared pass in the top left hand corner
the screen here so we're done with this
so we can exit out of it and completely
disconnect it from our computer because
that's no longer required so the first
thing that we're going to do is head on
over into the up screen here and yes
here we go super su has been loaded onto
a handset now don't worry if that
process doesn't load on supersu just
head on over to the Play Store and
download it's completely free
sometimes it just needs a little bit of
a helping hand but if you've got it
that's a great indication that the
process have worked so far so next head
on into the Play Store and download a
root checker application I like this one
from Joey
Krim it's only a couple of MAG so
shouldn't take too long to download on
Wi-Fi here it's already installed solar
hit open will accept this a disclaimer
or agree to it even here ok to the
Welcome message now the moment of truth
verify root
super user requests that's a good sign
hit grant here congratulations root
access is properly installed on this
device how cool and easy was that now if
some of you run into problems where your
device gets stuck in a boot loop or it
says it's not rooted there's one extra
step that you can take to get to that
point so turn off your device press a
volume up power and the home button
simultaneously until you get to the
screen here let go and it should go
through the motions we get a blue little
fella here with the word galaxy at the
bottom there we go that definitely took
nearly a minute or so but you can see
Android system recovery here at the top
use the volume buttons to go down to
wipe cache partition now don't worry
we're not wiping any of our files this
is some of the temporary files that were
used in the back
and while we were going through that
process we're just going to clear all
that junk out from behind the scenes so
use the power button to confirm that
selection and at the bottom here you can
see it says wiping cache formatting
cache cache wipe complete so that's now
done so we can select a reboot system
now at the top and it should go through
the motions and even after the reboot
just head on over into the root checker
application as we did previously and it
still says the same congratulations root
access has been installed correctly
that's how easily you can route your
Samsung Galaxy s6 and s6 edge just
select the correct files for your model
from the website as ever any comments or
questions you guys have got hit them up
in the comment section down below there
please like subscribe and tag along on
social media but in Amica for thanks for
watching have a wicked day and we'll see
you next time